tre s2b is a planet where night never
ends and it's not your regular night
with star shining in the beautiful skies
here it's pitch dark and scorching hi
tre s2b is a gas giant roughly one and a
half times more massive than Jupiter and
its surface absorbs light better than
charcoal it might also have a faint dark
red glow because of it's burning air
which is as hot as fresh lava lovely in
the star system of 55 Cancri there are
five planets four of which are gas
giants similar to Jupiter and Saturn but
the fifth one or rather the first
because it's closest to the star is
different in a most horrible way 55
Cancri E is so close to its Sun that
half the planet's surface is a literal
ocean of molten lava the other half is
in eternal darkness because it never
sees the Sun the planet is always turned
to its star on one side and between the
scorching in the dark there's the
twilight zone a thin strip of gloomy
nothingness HD 189 377 B oh I'm not
going to say that again
is the only exoplanet in the orbit of
its star and at first glance it looks
quite pretty blue and white swirls
making up wondrous patterns on the
surface but these pleasant colors
actually come from hard silicate
particles in the planet's atmosphere
which means it rains glass here but the
worst is that winds reach the speed of
5,400 miles per hour
or almost Mach 7 well for comparison the
fastest wind speed on earth was 254
miles per hour over 20 times less thus
the glass falling from the sky travels
horizontally at hypersonic speeds
shredding everything in its path the
next system whose name I won't even try
to pronounce um this one has three
exoplanets which are all being slowly
destroyed by their own star it happens
because that star is not a regular it's
a pulsar
spinning core of an exploded star it
creates powerful electromagnetic pulses
in several directions while rotating at
several thousand times per second as a
result the planets orbiting this
deceased star are slowly being eaten
away and will eventually disappear
entirely kepler 70 is a hot blue dwarf
star that exploded into a red giant some
18 million years ago at the time it was
orbited by at least two planets the
closer of which was a jupiter-like gas
giant it's name was Kepler 70 B and it
still exists but the overgrown star
consumed it and transformed it into a
blazing hot rocky world right now it's
one of the hottest planets ever
discovered it's temperature is higher
than the surface of our Sun it was lucky
to survive spending time inside the star
but it's evaporating out and will
probably be no more in the near future
wasp 12b is one of the weirdest and
saddest planets out there
the enormous gravity of its star
combined with the planets consisting
mostly of gas result in the star slowly
devouring its protege wasp 12b has
already taken the form of an egg
stretched toward its merciless Sun and
it's unable to do anything with its
condition in another 10 million years
the planet will inevitably succumb to
the voracious star's appetite if you
ever wondered what it's like to walk on
ice and hot coals at the same time Lisi
436b
is a planet that would give you a vivid
example being extremely close to its Sun
the neptune-sized exoplanet boasts
temperatures hotter than a blazing oven
and yet it's covered in ice which burns
incessantly this ice is much denser due
to the enormous gravity of the planet
staying solid even under extreme
conditions and not melting away no list
of frightening worlds could do without
mentioning Venus the Earth's evil twin
the second planet from the Sun has an
atmosphere so thick and full of clouds
that its surface is much hotter than
that of mercury
volcanic eruptions constantly thrash
venus is gravity is almost a hundred
times stronger than ours and those
clouds I mentioned are not made of water
but of sulfuric acid which condenses and
rains down on the ground
adding to the inferno but even if you
were brave or crazy enough to try to
pass through these clouds you probably
couldn't the winds up there are as
strong as some of the most powerful
hurricanes back on earth here we have a
very long name for a very very cold
planet although the host star is not too
far away it's a small and rather cool
red dwarf whose light and heat barely
even reached the planet the temperatures
out there fall as low as minus 370
degrees which is only marginally warmer
than absolute zero the exoplanet is thus
dark gloomy and covered in eternal ice
that never thaws still if it has a rocky
core it might generate some heat so
there's a chance that deep below the
frozen surface some unknown alien things
might lurk dominium located roughly 50
light years away from our solar system
is a planet hostile to any living thing
on many accounts its tidally locked to
its Sun which means one of its sides is
always facing the star while the other
is always turned away the hot side is
heated to over 1,800 degrees perpetually
blown over with winds reaching 600 miles
per hour
despite dominium being a gas giant it
has a large amount of iron in it which
melts and evaporates in the atmosphere
creating clouds and when those cool down
they fall on the surface in the infernal
rain of molten iron oxygen is usually
viewed as an element that might bring
life to a planet but this is definitely
not the case for Oh Cirrus scientists
were shocked to find oxygen on this
planet or rather around it because it's
eight times closer to its star than
mercury is to the Sun this extreme
distance makes a cirrus a living melting
pot where anything that could burn
it's also responsible for a very short
orbit of the planet around the star a
year on Osiris is just three and a half
days on earth to boot the atmosphere of
the planet is constantly blown and
melted away by the heat from its Sun
Korat EXO 3b is neither as hot nor as
cold as some of the others on this list
but it's terrifying in its own more
insidious way it's a gas giant similar
in size to Jupiter yet 20 times denser
this makes this exoplanets gravity weigh
down on everything on its surface 50
times more than it would on earth
stepping on it would be your ultimate
doom because you'd be immediately
crushed by the density of its atmosphere
kirat 7b is another oven-like world its
day-to-day temperature is over 4,000
degrees combined with the rocky surface
it presents an infernal landscape the
rocks on the ground bubble and boil
evaporating in the atmosphere where they
cool down and eventually fall back on
the surface in a brimstone rain the
saddest thing about karati 7b is that it
might have once been a gas giant whose
atmosphere melted away from the heat
leaving only the scorched core we're
used to thinking that asteroids are the
only free-floating rocks in space but
things like OTS 44 make you think twice
and shiver imagine a planet about eleven
times more massive than Jupiter roaming
in space without being bound to the
orbit of any star given its jargon
Xuan's size and mass if OTS 44 collides
with any other planet it would utterly
destroy it and go on floating as if
nothing happened scarier still
scientists are sure there are millions
of such rogue planets out there just
waiting to be discovered there's no hard
proof of their existence yet but
theoretically carbon planets have formed
somewhere closer to the center of our
galaxy any oxygen getting in their
atmosphere will get into a reaction with
carbon and transform into co2 forming
black toxic clouds
on the ground there would be oceans made
of tar spewing up geysers of methane and
crude oil there would be rains too but
they'd be far from refreshing torrents
of pure gasoline and hot liquid asphalt
would blast the ground and probably
burst into flames on impact hard to
imagine anything that would survive such
conditions